Hello fellow passengers, welcome to the Compass podcast. Today I'm talking to Sophia Reid. Sophia, I've been dying to talk to you ever since I heard about that Waffle House miracle. I can't believe that actually happened.
Absolutely! And it's not just that one time. The Love Lattice is always working; sometimes it just needs a nudge. That morning, the stars aligned with the waffle irons, and boom — destiny served with a side of hash browns.
Incredble. I'm trying to picture how you even got started with this. Like, how does one become a Love Cartographer?
Oh, it's quite the story. I was on a silent retreat in Bali, meditating under a frangipani tree. The air was thick with incense and possibility. And suddenly, it was like I could see it — this web of connections, shimmering like morning dew on a spiderweb. The Love Lattice! It showed me that everyone, absolutely everyone, is connected to their soulmate through this divine blueprint for love. All that's required is that you learn how to read it. And that became my mission in life.
And that's where your breadcrumb tracking comes in?
Exactly! Breadcrumbs are little nudges from the universe. A billboard, a song, three yellow cars in a row... it's all connected. Most people walk right past them, and then wonder why they're single. I say, "When you miss a breadcrumb, you're just asking for more carbs." It's a cosmic joke. One time, I had a caller who kept seeing billboards for canned soup. Canned soup! I told her to follow it. Two weeks later, she met her partner in the soup aisle at a grocery store. Destiny? More like aisle four.
So if you miss one, does the universe just throw another one at you?
Oh, yes! It recalibrates like a GPS. But if you keep ignoring it, it gets louder. Eventually, it's like your GPS is shouting at you in French, demanding you turn left at the next croissant shop. Destiny has no chill. I once told someone to follow a series of red balloons they kept seeing around the city. They thought I was nuts… until they found their soulmate handing out balloons at a charity event.
That's amazing. So you believe people are literally mapped out to meet?
More than just mapped out — they're synchronized. I once had a caller who kept missing his soulmate by minutes, literally minutes! She'd leave a coffee shop, and he'd walk in five minutes later. This happened four times. I told him to get there 10 minutes early the next day. Boom — love at first sight. And it's not just timing. I've seen people find each other by sheer cosmic magnetism. A woman once got on the wrong train and ended up 200 miles away from where she was going. Guess who she sat next to? Her soulmate. I still have goosebumps from that call.
That sounds like a rom-com script. Do you think it's ever too late to find someone?
Never. I call it the "Loop of Serendipity." If you miss a breadcrumb, the universe drops another one. It's like getting extra lives in a video game. You just keep looping until you get it right. I even had an 82-year-old caller find love after she followed a breadcrumb trail of crossword puzzles. They both filled in the same puzzle at a cafe and struck up a conversation over the word "serendipity."
So if I'm understanding right, the universe doesn't let you mess this up?
Oh, you can delay it for sure. I had one client who avoided her breadcrumb for seven years. Seven! She kept moving cities, changing jobs — she even stopped eating avocados because I told her the right person would be sitting across from her at a guacamole bar. But you know what? The universe rerouted. She finally met him at a farmer's market. Guess what he was buying? Avocados. And he even had on a shirt that said, "I heart Guac." You can't make this stuff up.
I'm starting to feel like I need to pay more attention to my grocery list.
You'd be surprised! I always tell my listeners: Love is incredibly patient, but it is also incredibly stubborn. It will find you. If you're not where you're supposed to be, neither is your soulmate. And sometimes, it's as simple as switching up your morning routine. One woman switched coffee shops after five years and met her person on the first day. The universe was probably like, "Finally!"
I'm honestly a little afraid to ask, but… how do you know when you've missed a breadcrumb?
Oh, you know. It's like an itch in your soul. You walk past someone and you feel… something. Maybe a twinge, maybe déjà vu. That's the universe saying, "Hey! Pay attention!" If you don't, it just starts shouting. I once told someone their breadcrumb was the UPS driver. They got married last year. Now every time I see a brown truck, I think, somebody's falling in love today.
I don't even know what to say. Let's just wrap this up. Any final thoughts, Sophia? If you could leave our listeners with one piece of advice about love and destiny, what would it be?
Just this: When the universe wants you to find each other, it won't stop until you do. You can turn off your phone, ignore the signs, hide under your covers — but love? Love is coming for you.